Introduction and Goals
======================

This Application is made for building consistent habits. 
The user can create habits and increment the counter. 
The main focus lies on the goal. It is a previously set value which the user wants to achieve. 
It is no problem to skip a day or two. More important is to stay motivated even if some days weren´t the best.

The project is set to be in continuous development so that features can be added easily. 
Therefore, a documentation is required.



Requirements Overview
---------------------

The requirements of the first stage will be easy and basic. It is required that users can create, read, update and delete habits.
The data storage should be offline first. It should be easy to transport the data to a server if needed later on.
First link to a board with requirements can be found here: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVO1oH4cg=/


The goal is to set consistency. Long living habits can be created through this app. 
The app may also host challenges for short term.

Quality Goals
-------------


1. Easy to create new features
2. Bug-free design
3. Modern design


The idea of this process is the continuous delivery or agile development. 
The main features will appear in the usage of the app. 
That´s why the app needs to be easy to extend. 

One other goal is a bug-free and modern design.

There are two main motivations for building this app:
1. Making a personalized app for me that can be extended by my desires.
2. Learning how to set up a project from scratch that is well documented.


Stakeholders
------------
